I still need a wand wand
oh you want
Ollivanders ain't no place better
why
don't you run along there and wait I
just got one more thing I got to do when
we long
hello
I wondered when I'd be seeing you
Mr. Potter it seems only yesterday that
your mother and father were in here
buying their first ones yeah
give it away currently not perhaps this
no no definitely not
no matter I wonder
[Music]
yes very sorry but what's curious I
remember every one I've ever sold mr.
Potter it so happens that the Phoenix
whose tail feather resides in your wand
gave another feather just one other it
is curious that you should be destined
for this wand when it's brother gave you
that scar and who owned that wand
we do not speak his name the wand
chooses the wizard mr. Potter it's not
always clear why but I think it is clear
that we can expect great things from you
after all he who must not be named did
great things
Darrell great
happy happy happy birthday
[Music]